Regression Tests
On Linux:
Test
  1. cd to top of top system
  2. rake test:units – all results should be pass
Development
Setup:
  1. Cd to top of test system
  2. rake db:migrate VERSION=0
  3. script/server 
Tests:
  1. In browser connect to localhost:3000
  2. go to setup
  3. select initialize db  -- should end up in reservation list
  4. select admin from sidebar, 
  4a.in admin select "Database Backup", record file name created.
  4b.sidebar select Reservation List
  4c.select checkin for top listing - confirm checkin - should fail, space is occupied - should return to Res List
  5. sidebar select In Park
  6. select checkout for top listing – confirm checkout.. should end up back in In Park with confirmation of checkout.
  7. Do same for all others scheduled to depart today
  8. sidebar select Reservation List
  9. select checkin for top listing – confirm checkin – should end up back in Reservation List with confirmation of checkin
  10. do same for all others scheduled to arrive today
  11. sidebar select new reservation
  12. leave at defaults, select any site
  13. select returning camper, select any
  14. do immediate checkin – should return to Reservation List with confirmation of checkin
  15. sidebar select new reservation
  16. leave at defaults, select any site
  17. select new camper, enter any details for camper
  18. do not checkin now – should return to Reservation list with confirmation of reservation.
  19. Select "change" on the reservation just created
  20. select "change space" to any site
  21. set departure date 10 days in future.  Do not change start date
  22. select site – should return to reservation list with confirmation of change
  23. checkin from reservation list – confirm checkin – should end up back in Reservation list with confirmation of checkin.
  24. Select the reservation number on any reservation – should get a display of the reservation info
  25. select finish.  Should return to reservation list
  26. sidebar select top – select setup
  27. select seasons
  28. define a new season Summer start june 1 next end june 31 next and select "create"
  28a.should return to season display with an error message "invalid end date"
  28. define a new season Summer start june 1 next end aug 31 next and select "create"
  29. select prices – select season Summer
  30. edit each price to delete monthly and weekly rates – on each edit should return to summer display on price 
  30a.sidebar select "new reservation"
  31. create reservation starting in summer and extending for at least 5 weeks and no more than 8 weeks.
  32. On site selection confirm that prices are not shown for weekly and monthly
  33. select any site – on confirmation check that charges show days only
  34. select any camper and confirm reservation – should return to reservation list 
  35. select any camper name from reservation list – should show camper details and return to reservation list
  36. sidebar select new group reservation – leave arrival today and set departure 2 days in future
  37. select 5 sites then done
  37a.Use any name for group name.
  38. select any wagonmaster
  39. save – review listing on reservation list – expand and review listing
  40. select checkin on group reservation – should return to reservation list - each checkin should be listed as OK at top.
  40a.sidebar select "site availability" - display should correspond to reservation and in park lists.
Production
Setup:
  1. Cd to top of test system
  2. (deleted)
  3. script/server -e production
Tests:
Run steps 1 – 40 the same as in development replacing step 2 through 4a with below. Results should be the same. For the tests to run correctly development test 1-4 must be run the same day as production test.
  2. select Reservations
  3. select admin from sidebar, 
  4. in admin select "Database Restore", 
  4a.select the file with the name recorded in step 4a above

Repeat whole process on Windows XP using both Firefox and Internet Explorer.
